Mom, can you please stop being unreasonable here?
I'm being unreasonable
Zhang Xueyao, don't forget
I am the majority shareholder of the group
I have the right to remove your position as president
Mom, if you really have to do this
Then take my position
Don't think I dare not
Notify
Immediately convene the group board of directors
Between Zhang Xueyao
Recently
Bad performance in our company
I've decided to suspend him from all duties
Which one of you agrees?
Whoever objects I agree
I agree too.
Me too
Our company
There are rules as long as there is 50% approval at the shareholders' meeting
This resolution is generated immediately
Now I declare
Suspend Zhang Xueyao from all positions in Zhongtian Group
I object.
President Wang
Why are you here?
Oh, I see.
Is it about the contract?
Don't worry, what about the Zhongtian Group now?
I am solely responsible
I promise no more
I only recognize President Zhang Xueyao
Zhang Xueyao's ability is not good
I've temporarily suspended him.
President Zhang Xueyao was fired
Yes, yes.
Since President Zhang Xueyao was fired by Zhongtian Group
So I decided.
The contract between Zhongtian Group and Tongtian Key is cancelled